Hello, my friends.
Welcome to part two of this implementation, where we're going to build together the artificial neural
network.
I'm super excited to start.
We will do it in four steps.
And the first step will initialize the Hénin as a sequence of layers.
Then we will add the input layer and the first hidden layer composed of a certain number of neurons
which will choose together.
Then we'll add the second hidden layer, you know, in order to build indeed a deep learning model as
opposed to a shallow learning model.
And then finally, we will add the output layer, which will contain what we want to predict.
All right, let's do this.
We're going to tackle these four steps in this one same tutorial.
So let's do this, starting with this one, initializing the Hénin as a sequence of layers.
So let's create a new Kotel.
And now let me explain how we need to proceed.
So the first thing we have to do is obviously to create a variable that will be nothing else than the
artificial neural network itself.
And guess what?
This artificial neural network viable will be created as an object of a certain class.
And that certain class is the sequential class, which allows exactly to build an artificial neural
network.
But as a sequence of layers as opposed to a computational graph.
Right.
You sign the intuition lectures that an artificial newel network is actually a sequence of layers,
you know, starting from the input layer.
And then successively we have the fully connected layers up to the final output layer.
That's what I mean by a sequence of layers.
And then the other type of new network is indeed a computational graph.
Which are, you know, neurons connected anyway, not in successive layers.
And an example of this is Boltzmann machines.
Right.
Restricted both machines or deep Bozman machines are great examples of computational graph.
Of course, they're not covered in this course because this is really advanced deep learning.
But they are covered in are deepening.
It is at course, if you are really interested in deep learning and want to go deeper into this branch.
Well, I'll be happy to welcome you into the debrie.
It is at course.
But now let's just get the right introduction to deep learning with only fully connected new networks.
And so that's why we will create our new variable, which we're gonna call Hénin, and which will be
nothing else than the artificial neural network we're going to build.
And we will create that variable as an object of the sequential class.
Okay.
But of course, the sequential class is not taken from nowhere.
It is actually taken from the models module, from the Keris library, which since denser flow 2.0 belongs
to tens of.
Right.
Before we had tensor flow and Keris separated.
But now, since the new tensor flow, the new version of Tentacle 2.0, well, Keris was integrated
into tensor flow.
And therefore, the way to call the sequential class here is to go first.
Tenzer Flow, which has a short T.F. from which we're going to call a Kiraz Library.
And from which we're going to call the models module.
Perfect.
And from which we call indeed that sequential class.
And so that all this, you know, creates this a N variable, which represents our artificial neural
network, created as an instance of that sequential class which initializes or artificial neural network
as a sequence of layers.
And that's our first step.
Congratulations.
Now, you really major step into how to build an artificial neural network.
So let's move on to the next step, which is to add the input layer and the first hidden layer.
And that's where we're going to start using the famous dance class in Tenzer Flow and even in PI Torch,
which is another great library to build new networks.
The way to add a fully connected layer into an artificial Newbill network at whatever phase you are,
you know, whatever the state of your artificial Nool network is, well, is to use the dance class.
And the way we use it is very simply by taking our artificial newel network object.
In that instance of the sequential class from which we're gonna call one of the methods of the sequential
class and that method is add.
You know, we certainly hope that there is add method inside a sequential class.
Right.
So that's the method we need right now to add anything we want, whether it is a hidden layer or a drop
out layer which allows to prevent overfitting or, you know, we will see with convolutional neural
networks that we can also add.
Well, a convert to delayer, which is a convolutional layer.
Well, we can add anything.
But right now, what we want to add is a simple, fully connected layer.
And the way to add this is to enter in these parenthesis because add is the method.
Well, it is to add exactly that fully connected layer, which will be a new object.
You know, it will be a new instance of a new class.
And that new class is, of course, the dance class.
So the fully connected layer will.
Built to build will be created as an object of the dense glass, and therefore now the only thing we
have to do is to call that dance class.
And this will create that fully connected layer object.
And at the same time, it will automatically add the input layer.
All right.
So let's go the dance class.
And once again, the dance class is not taken from nowhere.
It belongs to a certain path of libraries.
And of course, the route of that library is our sense of flow library.
Then from which we're going to call once again the Keris library.
There we go.
From which this time we're not going to call the morals module.
But actually, this one, you know, it's top of the list layers.
That's exactly what we need to add here.
This is the module that contains the different tools.
And by tools, I mean classes to add, well, any layer you want in your artificial new network.
So layers here.
And speaking of these classes, well, that's from this layer as module that we're going to call our
dance class, which as any class can take several arguments in here.
We have to indeed enter these arguments.
The most important one is this one unit, which corresponds exactly to the number of neurons, you know,
to the number of hidden neurons.
You want to have in this first hidden layer, you know, not in the input layer.
We will automatically have our different features.
You know, in the input layer, the input neurons will simply be all these features, starting from
credit scores.
That will be one neuron, then another input neuron, then another one, you know.
Up to this one, all these will be the input neurons in the input layer.
But then when we create that first hidden layer, we will have some hidden neurons inside.
And in this dense function now, well, we can specify, of course, how many hidden neurons we want
to have.
And now now comes the most frequently asked question in deep learning.
There's very famous question.
How do we know how many neurons we want?
Is there a rule of thumb?
Or should we just experiment?
Well, unfortunately, there is no rule of thumb.
It is just based on experimentation or, you know, we call it the work of an artist.
You have to experiment with different hyper parameters.
You know, we call them hyper Ramras in the sense that these are parameters that won't be trained during
the training process.
So unfortunately, there is no rule of thumb.
And therefore, we just have to pick one number here, which wouldn't sound irrelevant or extravagant.
And that number will be six.
I actually tried several numbers and I got more or less the same accuracy in the end.
So it's all good.
You can try different ones if you want.
But six is totally fine.
So here inside this dance class, we will enter our first parameter, which is unit.
Well, units equals six.
Perfect.
All right.
And now the next parameter that is important, you know, among this huge list of parameters, you can
see many of them.
But no worries.
We will keep the default value for all of them except this one, which corresponds, of course, to
the activation function.
And you saw the intuition lecturers with Kyril that the activation function in the hidden layers of
a fully connected neural network must be the rectifier activation function.
And therefore, that's exactly what we must specify here.
We, of course, don't want no activation function.
So here we have to specify that we want to rectify activation function.
And the way to specify this is to enter here in our activation parameter.
Well, the code name for the rectifier activation function, which is in quotes.
Well, Relu.
That's the code name for the rectifier activation function.
And that is all you have to enter here in order to make a fully working first fully connected, hidden
layer.
Congratulations.
Now you know how to build actually, you know, a shallow neural network.
And you will know in a second how to build a deep neural network.
Because the way to actually add a second hidden layer here couldn't be more simple.
The only thing that you have to do is just copy this line of code.
And then in a new line of code here for the second here and there, you just need to paste it.
That's what I mean by this add method can add any new layer at whatever stage of the construction process
of your Eynon you're into.
Right.
You can use this add method to add anything and the weight add a second hidden layer.
It's just the same as adding the first hidden layer.
Unless, of course, you know, you want to change the number of Hillen neurons.
But you know, six million neurons in the first thin layer and six other ones in the second hidden layer
is just fine.
But once again, feel free to change the hyper parameter values here.
Maybe you will get a better accuracy in the end.
And if that's the case, well, please share it in the comments or by private message.
Okay, however.
Now add the output layer.
You have to do something special, you know, something different than what we did here.
So let's do this together.
Let's create a new code cell and.
Well, let's.
Actually based what we just copied before.
Once again here, but this time we'll have to change two things which correspond actually to the values
of these two parameters.
But first, let me explain why all the rest is the same.
Well, that's, of course, because, you know, we're adding a new layer and this add Mithun can add
any layer you want, including, of course, the output layer.
So here we're still using the ADD method to add this final output layer.
And then of course, we still want our output layer to be fully connected to that second hidden layer
and therefore we're using again here the dance class.
So all good here.
But then these two parameters have to be changed.
And if you follow the intuition lecturer's, you should know what must be these two changes.
All right.
So let's go with this one.
According to you, what do we need to replace here?
Well, that's of course, there's value.
But according to you, six has to be replaced by which value?
Well, to get the answer, we need to have a look at our dependent variable again, which is this one,
because remember, the output layer contains the dimensions of the output.
You know, the output you want to predict.
And here, since we actually want to predict a binary variable which can take the value one or zero,
well, the dimension is actually one, right, because we only need one neuron to get that final prediction,
zero 01.
However, if we were doing classification with a non binary dependent variable like dependent variable
that has three classes.
Let's say ABC.
Well, we would actually need three dimensions.
You know, three output neurons.
Two once again, one hutting code.
That dependent variable, because, of course, once again, there is no relationship order between
the classes A, B and C..
So A, for example, would have to be encoded by one 00, then B, would have to be encoded by zero
one zero and C would have to be encoded by zero zero one.
And therefore you need three neurons getting these value zero and one to encode your three classes,
a BNC.
But here, since we actually have binary variable binary outcome.
Well, you only need one neuron to encode these outcomes into one or zero.
And therefore, the value of that unit parameter here that we have to replace right now is actually
one.
OK, one output neuron encoding the dependent variable.
And then second change corresponds, of course, to that activation function.
And more specifically, to the value of the activation function.
Well, once again, remembering the intuition, lecturer's that for the activation function of the output
layer.
While you don't want to have a rectifier activation function but a sigmoid activation function.
Why is that?
It's because having a sigmoid activation function allows to get not only ultimately the predictions,
but even better.
It will give you the probabilities that the binary outcome is one.
So that we will not only get the predictions of whether the customers choose to leave or not the bank.
But we will also have for each customer the probability that the customer leaves the bank.
And all this thanks to that sigmoid activation function.
So you definitely want that sigmoid activation function for the output layer.
Only, you know, all the other layers.
You know, the other fully connected layers will get.
Indeed.
That Rectifier activation function.
And now now I really must say congratulations, because we're actually done with the creation of this
very first artificial new network.
So you can be proud of yourself.
You just built an artificial brain.
Was that hard?
Was that overwhelming?
I don't think so.
And that is the beauty of Tensor Flow 2.0.
So I hope you enjoy this.
I hope you enjoyed building your very first artificial brain.
But that's not over now.
We only have a brain so far, you know.
But which is totally stupid, actually, because it was not trained yet on the data set.
So we're going to make it smart and we're gonna make it smart.
In part three, training the N.N. in which we will first compile the A and then with an optimizer and
then a lost function and then we will train.
Finally, our artificial neural network on the whole training set in a certain number of epochs.
And you will see that the training process will be very exciting to visualize.
I can't wait to show this to you.
Let's tackle Part three together in the next tutorial.
And until then, enjoy machine learning.